[2023-09-30T23:33:00.500000, Sat] 1.User: How does altitude affect performance in endurance sports such as long-distance running and cycling?
[2023-09-30T23:33:01, Sat] 2.User: Wow, I didn't realize altitude could have so many negative effects on endurance performance. Is there anything athletes can do to mitigate these effects?
[2023-09-30T23:33:01.500000, Sat] 3.User: I might try acclimatization before my next race. Any idea how long it takes for the body to adapt to a higher elevation?
[2023-09-30T23:33:02, Sat] 4.User: I think I'll start with acclimatization since it seems like the most natural way to adjust to higher elevations. I'm excited to see how it will improve my endurance!
[2023-09-30T23:33:02.500000, Sat] 5.User: Do you have any recommendations for good spots for altitude training or training camps?
[2023-10-01T12:23:00.500000, Sun] 6.User: I'm looking for some advice on how to prepare for a conference I'm attending next week. I've been trying to make the most of my new role by attending networking events and conferences, and I want to make a good impression. Do you have any tips on how to make the most out of these events?
[2023-10-01T12:23:01, Sun] 7.User: I'm still a bit unsure about how to approach networking at the conference. Do you have any specific advice on how to start conversations and build connections with people in my industry?
[2023-10-01T12:23:01.500000, Sun] 8.User: I'll definitely keep those tips in mind. What about following up after the conference? How can I make sure I stay in touch with the people I meet and continue to build those relationships?
[2023-10-01T12:23:02, Sun] 9.User: I completely agree with you on the importance of following up after the conference. I've been trying to make the most of my new role by attending networking events and conferences, and I've found that following up with new connections can lead to some really valuable opportunities. Speaking of which, I've been thinking about my own career goals and aspirations, and I'm considering pursuing an MBA or taking on additional certifications to enhance my skills and stay competitive in the industry. Do you have any advice on how to choose the right MBA program or certification for my career goals?
[2023-10-01T12:23:02.500000, Sun] 10.User: That's really helpful. I've been thinking about my career goals and aspirations, and I want to make sure I'm taking the right steps to achieve them. I've been trying to make the most of my new role by attending networking events and conferences, and I've found that following up with new connections can lead to some really valuable opportunities. Speaking of which, I've been approached by a recruiter from a rival company, offering me a position as a technical lead. While the offer is tempting, I'm hesitant to leave my current company, where I've built a strong network and have a sense of belonging. I've asked for some time to consider the offer, and I'm scheduled to meet with the recruiter again next week to discuss the details. Do you have any advice on how to approach this conversation and make a decision that's right for me?
[2023-10-01T12:23:03, Sun] 11.User: I'd like to ask a follow-up question. Can you provide more information on how to evaluate the company culture and values of the rival company? What are some red flags to look out for, and what are some signs of a positive company culture?
[2023-10-01T06:36:00.500000, Sun] 12.User: Comments about group:

The best part of being in the group was I felt like I had people who were ready at a moments notice to listen, understand, and support me. I also felt empowered by the fact that I could be an encouragement to them, and it felt really good to find ways to lift up and respond to others in the group. – Janelle

There is great safety in exploring issues related to religious trauma with others who have shared similar experiences with the moderation and direction of an experience professional. Marlene is skilled, intuitive and informed. She has a gentle but firm way of guiding a person through the healing steps and skill building needed for coping with the negative aspects of religious upbringing. – Drew

It is priceless to be able to have people understand exactly what I’m going through, and many times they have dealt with the same situation themselves. I feel like I have a base of friends that I know I can go to with any struggle I am having. I know they will be there for me and help me out. It’s a great feeling. It’s important to know others are there at some of the lowest points in my life. It also helps me to help them out, too. I am forced to think about other issues that are brought up, and it feels good to be there for someone else. – Tracey

I’ve begun a wonderful journey to reclaim my life, free from so many religiously inspired burdens and with few regrets weighing me down. . . As a therapeutic group facilitator for Release and Reclaim, both with her online forum and special retreats, Marlene is generous with her time and patient with our group progress. Her clinical skills are refined and impressive. . . I found her book, Leaving the Fold, invaluable in my ongoing healing process from authoritative religion and other authoritative ways. Marlene uses the exercises from her book combined with her own understanding and experience which has really made me feel like someone out there does understand and can help. – Frank

This group has been a very important part of my recovery from fundamentalism. Knowing that I am not alone or crazy in the journey has been a great gift! Other’s stories, questions, struggles and insights have many times come across the net with perfect timing to encourage me in something I might be struggling with or questioning on any given day. I would highly recommend the group to anyone at any stage of questioning or leaving their faith. With gratitude, Anne
[2023-10-01T06:36:01, Sun] 13.User: Religion is supposed to be good for you. Yet people get hurt in religious systems,
sometimes seriously. I used to think that although damage was done by so-called
cults, most religion is essentially benign. It could give you some comfort as a child
and teach you some values, but then you grew up and away from it. It wasn’t until I
looked back on my struggle to grow free of my own indoctrination, and heard the
stories of others, that I realized that this kind of emotional and mental damage can
be profound.
In conservative Christianity you are told you are unacceptable. You are judged with
regard to your relationship to God. Thus you can only be loved positionally, not
essentially. And, contrary to any assumed ideal of Christian love, you cannot love
others for their essence either. This is the horrible cost of the doctrine of original
sin. Recovering from this unloving assumption is perhaps the core task when you
leave the fold. It is also a discovery of great joy – to permit unconditional love for
yourself and others.
The problem of religious damage has not received much attention, perhaps because
Christianity is so much a part of our culture and real criticism is taboo. Just consider
what we have done to so-called heretics throughout history. Religious damage may
also seem less serious than other recovery issues such a alcoholism or child abuse.
And since faith is thought of as a good thing in a world brimming with materialism,
selfishness, and violence, many feel strange when complaining of church attendance
or growing up in a religious home.
But leaving your faith is not like letting your library card expire or no longer believing
in Santa Claus. It can be shattering to realize that your religion is creating problems
in your life. Whether you leave abruptly or drift away over a long period of time, you
may experience profound sadness and confusion about what to do, think, and
believe. You may also feel the rage of betrayal or struggle with persistent
depression.
Many people are reluctant to talk about this subject for fear of hurting loved ones, of
alienating others, of appearing foolish and self-centered. They sometimes fear
diving retribution. I have known therapists who were afraid to work openly with
people on these issues because they were concerned they might be labeled antireligious or anti-God. However, more often, therapists who have not been through
the experience themselves do not understand the difficulty of recovering from an
authoritarian religion.
[2023-10-01T20:22:00.500000, Sun] 14.User: I'm trying to keep track of my travels over the past few months. I've been on the go nonstop! Speaking of which, I'm actually taking a short business trip to Montreal, Canada today, but I need to make sure I have all my travel dates and destinations straight. Can you help me organize my trips in a calendar or something?
[2023-10-01T20:22:01, Sun] 15.User: Let's start with the most recent trip. Before this Montreal trip, I went to Los Angeles for a friend's birthday party on June 15th.