[2023-05-21T12:00:03, Sun] 1.User: I've been thinking about using AwardWallet to track my loyalty programs. Do you think it would be able to track my points at The Daily Grind coffee shop?
[2023-05-21T20:11:00.500000, Sun] 2.User: Evaluate this rough outline for an argumentative paper in MLA format for a college rhetoric class. I have to revise this outline and turn it into a formal outline with a lot more detail and specificity than what I have here, from both source material and my own analysis and contribution. Provide targeted, detailed and actionable suggestion. Be specific and precise. Evaluate first with what follows and then I will ask more targeted questions: A person's level of happiness is determined by their own choice and intentions. (Thesis)
I. People can choose to be happy for the little things that happen in their lives.
 Concession: Some people may not have the choice to be happy for the little things in their lives. For example, someone that has experienced a traumatic event may not be able to find happiness.
Counter Arguments 
a. Focusing on the frequency of positive moments makes people happy.
o Keeps people happy in the long term
o Learning to be happy for the things already in your life
o For example: productive job, romantic partner, several hobbies or interests (Road to happiness/ John Reich and Ed Diener)
o Frequency, not intensity (Ed Diener)
b. Not waiting for big positive moments to come by
o Waiting may lead to disappointment
o Only lasts for a short period of time
c. The amount of gratitude a happy person has
o Expressing gratitude makes you happy
 Craig DeMartino (Kathleen McGowan)
o Study on showing gratitude for the people around you (The Science of Happiness)
II. A happy person chooses to see the positive side of things.
 Concession: On the other hand, some people might argue that a person that always sees only the positive may become gullible to deceit.
a. However, people will not ignore their difficulties/adversities but overcome them.
o John Keats story (Eric G. Wilson)
o Trauma
o Bullying
o Rape(Andrew Solomon Ted Talk)
o Sexuality (Andrew Solomon Ted Talk)
 Denied housing or jobs, marriage rights, violence, hate crimes
b. People will use the pain and suffering to learn and become stronger.
o Form your own identity/ meaning(Andrew Solomon Ted Talk)
o Making our difficulties purposeful
o Being proud of who you are because of the adversities
o Learning from them
III. To gain happiness people’s perspectives need to change. 
 Concession: Some people may find that altering their outlook on life does not lead to happiness because they may be stuck in a cycle of negative thinking. Focusing too much on achieving happiness can cause feelings of guilt and pressure, leading to further unhappiness. 
a. In spite of this, changing how you see social media can help reduce feelings of guilt and pressure. 
o Choosing to not feel bad about your life because of what other people post online
o Choosing to disregard or ignore bad comments about yourself 
b. Surrounding yourself in a positive environment will have a major impact on your mindset.
o How you perceive the events happening around you
 The negatives
o Taking in the emotions around
 Surrounding yourself with good and happy vibes
o How you think people perceive you
IV. A person can create his or her own happiness by intentionally engaging in activities and training their minds.
 Concession: However, some people may be predisposed to happiness or unhappiness due to their genes.
a. Training the mind to be happy can be an effective way to increase overall wellbeing.
o Tomato sauce (Choice, happiness and spaghetti sauce Malcolm Gladwell)
b. Intentional activity can help people gain happiness by focusing on positive experiences, prioritizing meaningful goals and activities, and cultivating relationships with others.
o Knowing what makes you happy
o Practicing/ acting those things (John Reich)
o People can create their own stories ( Emily Smith)
o acts of kindness(Lyubomirsky)
V. Happy people chose to have a purposeful life. 
 Concession: A purposeful life does not necessarily equate to a happy life. One can have a purposeful life and still be unhappy.
a. Four pillars of leading to a meaningful life ( Emily Smith)
o Belonging
o Purpose
o Transcendence 
o Storytelling
b. Relationships and friendships are a key part of having a fulfilling life, and having a purpose helps to keep us motivated and driven.
o what kind of people around you/ supportive people
 surround yourself with people that are positive
 giving or helping others makes you happy(Todd B. Kashdan and Robert Biswas-Diener)
o Deriving meaningful relationships or purpose at work or in what you do
 Example TED talk (Chip Conley) maid
VI. Happy people make conscious decisions to take care of their physical and mental wellbeing by eating nutritious food, exercising regularly and getting enough sleep. They also tend to be more mindful, focusing on the present moment and being more aware of their thoughts and emotions.
 Concession: Other people, however, may not be able to make these choices due to outside stressors, and may not have the time or resources to do so.
a. People who suffer from an injury or illness still have ability to choose how much happiness they acquire. They can choose to focus on the positive aspects of the situation, or they can choose to dwell on the negative. Whatever they choose will have a direct effect on their overall wellbeing.
o Kris Carr diagnosed with cancer (Carlin Flora)
o Bobby Muller’s experience ( Kathleen McGowan)
o Tracy Cyr ( Kathleen McGowan)
b. With a strong sense of motivation, we are more likely to feel a sense of accomplishment and joy when we achieve our goals, leading to increased feelings of happiness.
o Doing things that may be difficult but will bring you closer to being happy
 Exercise
 Journaling
 Eating Healthy
o Leo Babauta (Carlin Flora)
o Meditation
[2023-05-21T20:11:01, Sun] 3.User: finish the response
[2023-05-21T20:11:01.500000, Sun] 4.User: finish the response
[2023-05-22T06:58:00.500000, Mon] 5.User: What non-traditional approaches to diplomacy and international cooperation have emerged in recent years, and what potential do these hold for the future?
[2023-05-22T06:58:01, Mon] 6.User: I'm curious about how effective these non-traditional approaches to diplomacy have been in practice. Have there been any notable success stories?
[2023-05-22T06:58:01.500000, Mon] 7.User: But how do we ensure that these non-traditional approaches don't undermine the importance of traditional diplomatic channels? Can they coexist effectively?
[2023-05-22T06:58:02, Mon] 8.User: Are there any major challenges or obstacles facing non-traditional diplomacy? What are they and how can they be addressed?
[2023-05-22T06:58:02.500000, Mon] 9.User: Do you think non-traditional diplomacy efforts are better suited for addressing certain types of issues, or are they generally applicable in all diplomatic situations?
[2023-05-22T06:58:03, Mon] 10.User: It seems like non-traditional diplomacy efforts are becoming increasingly important in today's world. Do you think traditional diplomacy efforts will be phased out eventually?
[2023-05-22T15:28:00.500000, Mon] 11.User: Remember the brief that you provided to me above. Considering your brief, write the content plan for the following article:

"Title: The Importance of Contingency Planning: Preparing for Unexpected Costs and Delays
Explanation: This article will emphasize the importance of having a contingency plan in place to account for unexpected costs and delays during the construction process. It will provide advice on setting aside a contingency fund, anticipating potential issues, and adjusting project timelines."
[2023-05-22T15:28:01, Mon] 12.User: Remember the brief that you provided to me above. Considering your brief, write the content plan for the following article:

'Title: Post-construction Stage: Assessing the Impact of Price Increases on Property Value
Explanation: This article will explore the effect of price increases on the overall value of the completed property, including potential impacts on resale value and long-term return on investment. It will offer suggestions for maximizing property value despite increased construction costs."
[2023-05-22T15:28:01.500000, Mon] 13.User: Remember the brief that you provided to me above. Considering your brief, write the content plan for the following article:

"Title: Adapting to the New Normal: Emerging Construction Trends Amid the COVID-19 Pandemic
Explanation: This article will discuss emerging trends in the construction industry as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as increased use of technology, modular construction, and a focus on sustainability. It will consider how these trends may help mitigate the impact of rising costs on future projects."
[2023-05-22T19:48:00.500000, Mon] 14.User: I'm thinking of trying some new recipes at home, do you have any good pasta dishes that I can try? By the way, I used to be obsessed with this Italian place on Grubhub called "Bella Vita" - their pasta dishes are so good, but I think I overdid it because I got tired of Italian food for a bit.
[2023-05-22T19:48:01, Mon] 15.User: I think I'll try the Spaghetti Aglio e Olio with Shrimp, I love spicy food and shrimp is my favorite protein. Also, do you have any recommendations for a good cookbook that focuses on Italian cuisine, I want to explore more Italian recipes beyond just pasta.