[2023-05-28T11:39:00.500000, Sun] 1.User: I need help finding a YouTube tutorial on how to pair my smart bulbs with my phone app.
[2023-05-28T11:39:01, Sun] 2.User: I actually got my smart bulbs from IKEA, so I'll try searching with the keywords you provided. By the way, do you know if IKEA has any recommendations for bulb types that work well with their lamps? I'm pretty particular about lighting in my home.
[2023-05-28T11:39:01.500000, Sun] 3.User: I'm still deciding between the LED filament bulbs and the smart bulbs. Do you think the smart bulbs are worth the extra cost, considering I already have a modern lamp with a touch sensor?
[2023-05-28T11:39:02, Sun] 4.User: I think I'll start with a single smart bulb to test the features and see if I find them useful. Do you know if IKEA has any tips on how to choose the right smart bulb for my specific lamp?
[2023-05-28T11:39:02.500000, Sun] 5.User: I'll go to IKEA's website and use their Bulb Finder tool to find the right smart bulb for my lamp. Also, I've been meaning to adjust the floor lamp's direction in my living room. Do you know if there are any general tips for positioning floor lamps to get the perfect lighting?
[2023-05-28T11:39:03, Sun] 6.User: I think I'll try adjusting the floor lamp's direction and angle to see if that improves the lighting in my living room. Thanks for the tips! Now, I'm curious about the recessed lighting I had installed in my kitchen two months ago. Do you know if there are any general guidelines for choosing the right trim style for recessed lighting?
[2023-05-28T15:03:00.500000, Sun] 7.User: I'm planning to buy new tennis shoes and wanted to know what features I should look for. I play tennis for about two hours every Sunday morning, so I need something that can handle that kind of wear and tear.
[2023-05-28T15:03:01, Sun] 8.User: What are some popular tennis shoes that balance comfort and performance, and are suitable for players with average to high arches?
[2023-05-28T15:03:01.500000, Sun] 9.User: I'm also interested in learning more about tennis strings. What types of strings are popular among tennis players, and how do they affect the game?
[2023-05-28T15:03:02, Sun] 10.User: I've been experimenting with different string tensions and gauges, but I'm not sure what the ideal setup is for my playing style. Do you have any recommendations for a recreational player like me who plays with a moderate swing speed and hits with a mix of power and spin?
[2023-05-28T15:03:02.500000, Sun] 11.User: I've been thinking about trying out a hybrid string, and I'm curious about the Wilson NXT Tour. Can you tell me more about it? How does it compare to other hybrid strings on the market?
[2023-05-28T15:03:03, Sun] 12.User: I'm interested in trying out the Wilson NXT Tour, but I want to know more about its durability. How long can I expect it to last, and what kind of maintenance is required to extend its lifespan?
[2023-05-28T16:17:00.500000, Sun] 13.User: Summarize the following in points, be comprehensive and don't miss a detail: 
The Bitter Lesson
Rich Sutton
March 13, 2019
The biggest lesson that can be read from 70 years of AI research is that general methods that leverage computation are ultimately the most effective, and by a large margin. The ultimate reason for this is Moore's law, or rather its generalization of continued exponentially falling cost per unit of computation. Most AI research has been conducted as if the computation available to the agent were constant (in which case leveraging human knowledge would be one of the only ways to improve performance) but, over a slightly longer time than a typical research project, massively more computation inevitably becomes available. Seeking an improvement that makes a difference in the shorter term, researchers seek to leverage their human knowledge of the domain, but the only thing that matters in the long run is the leveraging of computation. These two need not run counter to each other, but in practice they tend to. Time spent on one is time not spent on the other. There are psychological commitments to investment in one approach or the other. And the human-knowledge approach tends to complicate methods in ways that make them less suited to taking advantage of general methods leveraging computation. There were many examples of AI researchers' belated learning of this bitter lesson, and it is instructive to review some of the most prominent.

In computer chess, the methods that defeated the world champion, Kasparov, in 1997, were based on massive, deep search. At the time, this was looked upon with dismay by the majority of computer-chess researchers who had pursued methods that leveraged human understanding of the special structure of chess. When a simpler, search-based approach with special hardware and software proved vastly more effective, these human-knowledge-based chess researchers were not good losers. They said that ``brute force" search may have won this time, but it was not a general strategy, and anyway it was not how people played chess. These researchers wanted methods based on human input to win and were disappointed when they did not.

A similar pattern of research progress was seen in computer Go, only delayed by a further 20 years. Enormous initial efforts went into avoiding search by taking advantage of human knowledge, or of the special features of the game, but all those efforts proved irrelevant, or worse, once search was applied effectively at scale. Also important was the use of learning by self play to learn a value function (as it was in many other games and even in chess, although learning did not play a big role in the 1997 program that first beat a world champion). Learning by self play, and learning in general, is like search in that it enables massive computation to be brought to bear. Search and learning are the two most important classes of techniques for utilizing massive amounts of computation in AI research. In computer Go, as in computer chess, researchers' initial effort was directed towards utilizing human understanding (so that less search was needed) and only much later was much greater success had by embracing search and learning.

In speech recognition, there was an early competition, sponsored by DARPA, in the 1970s. Entrants included a host of special methods that took advantage of human knowledge---knowledge of words, of phonemes, of the human vocal tract, etc. On the other side were newer methods that were more statistical in nature and did much more computation, based on hidden Markov models (HMMs). Again, the statistical methods won out over the human-knowledge-based methods. This led to a major change in all of natural language processing, gradually over decades, where statistics and computation came to dominate the field. The recent rise of deep learning in speech recognition is the most recent step in this consistent direction. Deep learning methods rely even less on human knowledge, and use even more computation, together with learning on huge training sets, to produce dramatically better speech recognition systems. As in the games, researchers always tried to make systems that worked the way the researchers thought their own minds worked---they tried to put that knowledge in their systems---but it proved ultimately counterproductive, and a colossal waste of researcher's time, when, through Moore's law, massive computation became available and a means was found to put it to good use.

In computer vision, there has been a similar pattern. Early methods conceived of vision as searching for edges, or generalized cylinders, or in terms of SIFT features. But today all this is discarded. Modern deep-learning neural networks use only the notions of convolution and certain kinds of invariances, and perform much better.

This is a big lesson. As a field, we still have not thoroughly learned it, as we are continuing to make the same kind of mistakes. To see this, and to effectively resist it, we have to understand the appeal of these mistakes. We have to learn the bitter lesson that building in how we think we think does not work in the long run. The bitter lesson is based on the historical observations that 1) AI researchers have often tried to build knowledge into their agents, 2) this always helps in the short term, and is personally satisfying to the researcher, but 3) in the long run it plateaus and even inhibits further progress, and 4) breakthrough progress eventually arrives by an opposing approach based on scaling computation by search and learning. The eventual success is tinged with bitterness, and often incompletely digested, because it is success over a favored, human-centric approach.

One thing that should be learned from the bitter lesson is the great power of general purpose methods, of methods that continue to scale with increased computation even as the available computation becomes very great. The two methods that seem to scale arbitrarily in this way are search and learning.

The second general point to be learned from the bitter lesson is that the actual contents of minds are tremendously, irredeemably complex; we should stop trying to find simple ways to think about the contents of minds, such as simple ways to think about space, objects, multiple agents, or symmetries. All these are part of the arbitrary, intrinsically-complex, outside world. They are not what should be built in, as their complexity is endless; instead we should build in only the meta-methods that can find and capture this arbitrary complexity. Essential to these methods is that they can find good approximations, but the search for them should be by our methods, not by us. We want AI agents that can discover like we can, not which contain what we have discovered. Building in our discoveries only makes it harder to see how the discovering process can be done.
[2023-05-28T16:17:01, Sun] 14.User: now summarize it in the style of @dril
[2023-05-28T16:17:01.500000, Sun] 15.User: more funny and short