[2023-05-20T20:17:00.500000, Sat] 1.User: I'm looking for a good swimming workout to improve my endurance. Do you have any recommendations?
[2023-05-20T20:17:01, Sat] 2.User: I'm training for a sprint triathlon and I need to improve my swimming. By the way, I ran a marathon on April 15th and finished with a personal best time.
[2023-05-20T20:17:01.500000, Sat] 3.User: What's a good way to track my progress and stay motivated during my training?
[2023-05-20T20:17:02, Sat] 4.User: I've been tracking my progress on a spreadsheet, and it's been really helpful to see how far I've come. I've lost 5 pounds and my resting heart rate has decreased by 10 beats per minute. I'm feeling stronger, faster, and more confident than ever before.
[2023-05-20T20:17:02.500000, Sat] 5.User: What's a good way to incorporate yoga into my triathlon training?
[2023-05-20T20:17:03, Sat] 6.User: I've been doing yoga twice a week since March 1st and I've seen some great progress. In fact, I did a 30-day yoga challenge in April where I practiced every single day, even on rest days from running. It was tough, but it really helped with my overall recovery and flexibility.
[2023-05-21T02:06:00.500000, Sun] 7.User: I'm looking for a BBQ sauce recipe that's similar to the one I had at a food vendor at an outdoor music festival last month. Do you have any recommendations or can you help me find one? By the way, I think it was three weekends ago when I last had barbecue at my cousin's housewarming party and I tried out a new BBQ sauce recipe I found online, which turned out to be a hit.
[2023-05-21T02:06:01, Sun] 8.User: I remember the BBQ sauce from the festival was spicy, so maybe the Texas-Style BBQ Sauce recipe you provided could be a good starting point. Can you suggest some modifications to make it even spicier?
[2023-05-21T02:06:01.500000, Sun] 9.User: I'm also planning to try out smoking meats soon, so I was wondering if you could give me some tips on how to get started with setting up a smoker and choosing the right type of wood for different meats.
[2023-05-21T02:06:02, Sun] 10.User: I'm really interested in trying out smoking meats, especially brisket and sausages. Can you tell me more about the differences between smoking with charcoal and pellet smokers? I've been watching YouTube tutorials on setting up a smoker and I'm still deciding which type to invest in. By the way, I think my cousin's new backyard had plenty of space for a smoker, I might just have to convince them to get one too!
[2023-05-21T02:06:02.500000, Sun] 11.User: I think I'm going to go with a pellet smoker, at least to start with. I like the idea of ease of use and consistency, and I'm not sure I'm ready to dive into the more complex world of charcoal smokers just yet. Plus, I've heard great things about the convenience of pellet smokers. Do you have any recommendations for good pellet smokers for a beginner like me?
[2023-05-21T02:06:03, Sun] 12.User: I'm excited to hear that you're considering getting a pellet smoker! They're a great option for beginners, and they can produce amazing results with minimal fuss. Remember to do your research, read reviews, and consider factors like price, cooking area, ease of use, temperature range, brand reputation, and warranty and customer support. Whichever pellet smoker you choose, I'm sure you'll have a blast experimenting with different meats and flavors!
[2023-05-21T06:30:00.500000, Sun] 13.User: This is part 5 of my multiple messages. I will continue to send you further messages. If you understand then please say "acknowledged".

Ground 1 - Contractual obligations regarding waterproofing

The appellant’s case was that, by reason of the specific contractual terms: “waterproofing membrane to sill to be provided by builder”; and that the appellant was “responsible for waterproofing of our windows only. If structure is not waterproofed correctly, warranties are voided”, the appellant was not responsible for the installation of flashing around the windows.

The respondents submitted that the terms of the contract were superseded by the Deed. The respondents relied upon clause 14 of the Deed which provided:

14. Entire agreement

This Deed

14.1 constitutes the entire agreement between the parties as to its subject matter; and

14.2 in relation to that subject matter, supersedes any prior understanding or agreement between the parties and any prior condition, warranty, indemnity or representation imposed, given or made by a party.

In reply, the appellant referred to clause 7 of the Deed which we have set out at [6] above. The appellant submitted that clause 7 preserved the terms of the original contract, and that clause 14, properly construed, was intended “to avoid arguments that pre-Deed negotiations, oral representations and correspondence could form part of the Deed or affect its construction”.

The Tribunal addressed the appellant’s submissions regarding the contractual obligations relating to waterproofing at [57] as follows:

The respondents raise, by way of defence, that the windows failed because the builder, Mr Bannister, failed to install the window flashings in accordance with good building practice and that the builder’s failure to install flashing is causative of the leaks in all three windows and therefore causative of the applicant’s loss. I accept and prefer the expert evidence of Mr Brennan in his report of 17 May 2020 that it was the responsibility of the window supplier to “flash the building element to avoid moisture egress between the window frame and the house frame” and accept that the report of Mr Sim in respect of the flashing should be disregarded because the Schlegel Test Mr Sim considered is “irrelevant to the windows fitted on site into a timber frame with light weight external cladding”. On balance where Mr Brennan and Mr Sim differ on the issue of flashing, I accept and prefer the opinion of Mr Brennan as the more experienced expert in respect of window manufacture and installation. I also find that as Mr Sim adopted the wrong Schlegel Test, his opinion is not as persuasive.

Reference to the respective experts’ reports is necessary to understand that conclusion.

Mr Brennan’s opinion was that the windows leaked both by reason of the absence of small joint sealer and by reason of the absence of flashing around the windows.

Mr Sim’s opinion was that there was small joint sealer and that flashing of the windows was unnecessary. In support of the proposition that flashing was unnecessary Mr Sim stated that “the windows [are] manufactured from commercial grade sections and used sub-heads and sub-sills which act [as] a flashing”.

Mr Sim also stated “there is no requirement for additional flashing to the head, jambs or sills of this type of window, if installed in the correct manner as per the Schlegel Test Report.”

The Schlegel Test Report was a test report issued by Schlegel Pty Ltd, an NATA accredited laboratory, which certified the performance of a sample window. The test was carried out in 2010.

Mr Brennan’s evidence in reply was that testing in a “Schlegel portable test rig” did not extend to flashing as:

…there are many varied building structures by which windows and doors need to be assembled into, so it is impossible to test in all building envelope constructions…

The Tribunal’s conclusion that Mr Brennan’s evidence should be preferred to the evidence of Mr Sim was a finding of fact. Clearly the Tribunal determined that the windows required flashing and that flashing had not been installed.

The conclusion that it was the responsibility of the window supplier to “flash the building element to avoid moisture egress between the window frame and the house frame” was based upon the statement in paragraph 4.5 of Mr Brennan’s reply report that:

…Sub heads, sub jambs, and sub/sump sills are a means of installation usually used in commercial shop front and residential concrete construction. They do not substitute for flashing at any time, but especially when a cavity wall construction or timber frame light weight cladding is used. If you are using all these elements to install, you still need to flash to the building element to avoid moisture egress between the window frame and the house frame, through to internal wall surfaces.

Mr Brennan did not state that it was the responsibility of the window supplier and installer to “flash to the building element”, only that it was necessary to install flashing. However, Mr Brennan did state in his oral evidence that the flashing of a window was part of the installation of the window rather than preparation of the opening for the installation of the window.

In rejecting the appellant’s submission that any leakage arising from the absence of flashing was the responsibility of the builder and not the appellant, the Tribunal does not appear to have considered the question whether the contractual provisions relating to responsibility for waterproofing cast the responsibility to install flashing on the builder, or if so, whether those provisions were superseded by the Deed.

However, the Tribunal determined that the windows leaked by reason of the absence of small joint sealant and concluded on that basis that the windows were defective and required replacement.

Accordingly, the question who was responsible for the installation of flashing was not relevant to the question whether the appellant was responsible for the cost of replacement of the windows. The fact that the absence of flashing might have contributed to the extent of leakage could not alter the conclusion that the windows were defective.

Accordingly, ground 1 must be rejected. It involves neither an error of law nor a conclusion that was not fair and equitable or against the weight of evidence.

We reach this conclusion independently of the question whether clause 14 of the Deed, properly construed, excluded reference to the terms of the original contract. However, it is clear in our view that, in light of the explicit provision in clause 7 of the Deed, clause 14 cannot be construed as excluding reference to the terms of the original contract in ascertaining the extent of the appellant’s obligations.
[2023-05-21T11:48:00.500000, Sun] 14.User: what is flanel?
[2023-05-21T11:48:01, Sun] 15.User: what makes flannel different than other cloths?