[2023-05-21T01:28:02, Sun] 1.User: I find it hard to trust any media outlets these days, especially with all the sensationalized stories and clickbait headlines they use to get attention. It's like they care more about getting clicks and views than reporting the truth.
[2023-05-21T02:25:00.500000, Sun] 2.User: I'm trying to figure out how many calories I consumed during the Super Bowl party at John's place yesterday. We had a blast watching the Chiefs win, by the way! Can you help me estimate the calorie count of a bunch of pizzas and wings?
[2023-05-21T02:25:01, Sun] 3.User: I had about 3-4 slices of pepperoni pizza, and they were regular-sized. We ordered from a popular pizza place, so I'm assuming they were around 12-14 inches in diameter. As for the wings, I had around 5-6 bone-in buffalo wings. We had blue cheese dressing as a dip. Oh, and I also had 5 beers throughout the game, which I'm pretty sure adds a lot to the calorie count. Can you estimate the total calories for me?
[2023-05-21T02:25:01.500000, Sun] 4.User: I'm also thinking of watching some sports documentaries. Have you got any recommendations? I just finished watching "The Last Dance" on Netflix, and I'm looking for something similar.
[2023-05-21T02:25:02, Sun] 5.User: I actually just watched the Australian Open quarterfinals and was impressed by Novak Djokovic's performance. But anyway, back to sports documentaries... I've heard great things about "O.J.: Made in America" and "The Undefeated". Can you tell me more about "When the Game Changes You" and "Slaying the Badger"? What makes them worth watching?
[2023-05-21T02:25:02.500000, Sun] 6.User: I think I'll check out "When the Game Changes You" first. I'm a huge fan of the NBA, and the Raptors' championship win was an incredible moment. I'm curious to see the behind-the-scenes story. Also, I've been following the Lakers closely this season, so it's always interesting to see how other teams operate.
[2023-05-21T02:25:03, Sun] 7.User: I'm a huge fan of LeBron James, but I've also been impressed with Dennis Schröder's performance lately. He's been playing really well and seems to be a great addition to the team. How about you, do you have a favorite player or a favorite moment from the Raptors' championship season?
[2023-05-21T06:36:00.500000, Sun] 8.User: Thanks, Don't generate anything until I've said that I've finished pasting the scripts. 

Script 14:
If you're suffering from cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, macular degeneration, glaucoma, blurred vision or any other vision impairment issues, you must see this. 

After using the most powerful atomic microscope in the world…

Scientists made a shocking discovery…

Yale scientists agreed, without exception, that vision problems are not caused by genetics or aging…

But, by these dangerous micro fat clogs that actually suffocate your eyes…

And which increases the risk of blindness by 91%!

Anyone over the age of 50 is at risk, as glasses can do nothing to stop this…

These studies show that your eyes will deteriorate with each passing year even if you wear glasses or lenses. And that's because they don't do a single thing to actually improve the way your eyes work as you age. 

This Nobel Prize winning scientist helped in discovering the real reason why you're losing your vision and a revolutionary way to reverse your vision problems as you sleep and it has been proven effective for over 13,000 individuals of all ages and health conditions. 

This secret habit is so amazing. It sent the entire eye care industry backwards and they're scrambling to get a high paid solution to make billions from hard working everyday people like you with 13,000 people are already having success after years of suffering poor vision and wearing glasses, contacts and getting needless surgery. 

It's so powerful because it targets the single root cause of vision loss. So if you're suffering from vision impairment, stop everything you're doing and click the link below to watch a short yet powerful video that explains exactly how to reverse vision problems quickly. 

And this has nothing to do with meds, surgery or expensive treatments. And it works for all types of vision problems, cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, macular degeneration, glaucoma, blurred vision, you name it. Micheal Feltham was a new grandpa and was excited to see his granddaughter at the hospital for the very first time except when he got there. 

His vision was so poor, he couldn't even see his granddaughter's face heartbroken and angry, he desperately searched for a solution. And that's when he came across this award winning scientific discovery that was the key to unlocking his vision problem once and for all. After heavily researching a possible solution. 

He started using this natural remedy and he couldn't believe his results. after just one week, his dark blurry spots started to vanish. And by week seven, he could see clearly again for the first time in years, 

Jen had blood coma that was so bad, she was on the verge of going completely blind. She was at the end of her rope. Fortunately, she knew Michael and after speaking with him about what he found, she was excited to try his new remedy, and she was shocked by how much revision had improved and began to cry tears of joy as her transformation was almost instant and her vision started to clear within the first few days to the point that she can now see objects that she couldn't see at all just a few days before,

 so go ahead and click the link below and watch the short life changing video before it's gone.

Script 15 (there will still be more to follow, just wait):

If you're suffering from cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, macular degeneration, glaucoma, blurred vision or any other vision impairment issues, you must see this. 

After using the most powerful atomic microscope in the world…

Scientists made a shocking discovery…

The scientists agreed, without exception, that vision problems are not caused by genetics or aging…

Within only a couple of weeks of trying this vision restoring secret, EVERY participant saw their dream of a 20/20 sight come true...

NO MATTER the disease they suffered from…

And no matter how bad their vision had gotten…

Shortly after, they could even spot even the MOST unnoticeable details…

These studies show that your eyes will deteriorate with each passing year even if you wear glasses or lenses. And that's because they don't do a single thing to actually improve the way your eyes work as you age. 

This Nobel Prize winning scientist helped in discovering the real reason why you're losing your vision and a revolutionary way to reverse your vision problems as you sleep and it has been proven effective for over 13,000 individuals of all ages and health conditions. 

This secret habit is so amazing. It sent the entire eye care industry backwards and they're scrambling to get a high paid solution to make billions from hard working everyday people like you with 13,000 people are already having success after years of suffering poor vision and wearing glasses, contacts and getting needless surgery. 

It's so powerful because it targets the single root cause of vision loss. So if you're suffering from vision impairment, stop everything you're doing and click the link below to watch a short yet powerful video that explains exactly how to reverse vision problems quickly. 

And this has nothing to do with meds, surgery or expensive treatments. And it works for all types of vision problems, cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, macular degeneration, glaucoma, blurred vision, you name it. Andy Perth was a new grandpa and was excited to see his granddaughter at the hospital for the very first time except when he got there. 

His vision was so poor, he couldn't even see his granddaughter's face heartbroken and angry, he desperately searched for a solution. And that's when he came across this award winning scientific discovery and a simple ocean creature that was the key to unlocking his vision problem once and for all. After heavily researching a possible solution.

He started using this natural remedy and he couldn't believe his results. after just one week, his dark blurry spots started to vanish. And by week seven, he could see clearly again for the first time in years, 

Jen had blood coma that was so bad, she was on the verge of going completely blind. She was at the end of her rope. Fortunately, she knew Andy and after speaking with him about what he found, she was excited to try his new remedy, and she was shocked by how much revision had improved and began to cry tears of joy as her transformation was almost instant and her vision started to clear within the first few days to the point that she can now see objects that she couldn't see at all just a few days before,

 so go ahead and click the link below and watch the short life changing video before it's gone.
[2023-05-21T08:45:00.500000, Sun] 9.User: Wriite a detailed 2pages review and comprehensive conceptual review on Compliance Monitoring.

It is COMPULSORY to add APA style inline references based on the ones suggested below or you can add more of your own

Kamasa, K., Adu, G., & Oteng-Abayie, E. F. (2019). Tax compliance in Sub-Saharan Africa: how important are non-pecuniary factors?. African Journal of Economic Review, 7(1), 154-175.

Alabede, J. O. (2018). Economic freedom and tax revenue performance in sub-Saharan Africa. Journal of Financial Reporting and Accounting.

Abdu, M., Jibir, A., & Muhammad, T. (2020). Analysis of tax compliance in Sub-Saharan Africa: Evidence from firm-level study. Econometric Research in Finance, 5(2), 119-142.
[2023-05-21T10:01:00.500000, Sun] 10.User: I'm looking for some tips on improving my aim in Overwatch. I've been playing with a group of friends online on weekends and I feel like I'm getting better, but I still struggle with hitting my targets. I've played around 10-20 hours of Overwatch over the past month, usually playing with a group of friends online on weekends.
[2023-05-21T10:01:01, Sun] 11.User: I've heard that Mercy's recent buff made her more viable in competitive play. Do you think she's a good pick for a team comp, especially with the heroes my friends and I usually play?
[2023-05-21T10:01:01.500000, Sun] 12.User: I was thinking of playing some Apex Legends tonight with my friends. Do you have any tips on how to improve my Wraith gameplay?
[2023-05-21T10:01:02, Sun] 13.User: I've been playing a lot of games lately, especially Overwatch, which I've put in around 10-20 hours of playtime over the past month, usually playing with a group of friends online on weekends. Do you have any tips on how to improve my Reaper gameplay in Overwatch?
[2023-05-21T10:01:02.500000, Sun] 14.User: I've been playing a lot of Overwatch lately, and I'm trying to improve my aim. Do you have any tips on how to improve my aim in general, not just for Reaper?
[2023-05-21T10:01:03, Sun] 15.User: I'm thinking of playing some Apex Legends tonight with my friends. Do you have any tips on how to improve my Octane gameplay?