[2023-02-18T01:03:02.500000, Sat] 1.User: I'll definitely check the museum's website before I go. I'm so excited to see the Rosetta Stone in person!
[2023-02-18T21:34:00.500000, Sat] 2.User: write me a good cover letter based on the following resume: COURTNEY HARRIS
Email: courtney@pensionprograms.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/courtneyrharris
OBJECTIVE
Improving sales of a company’s products / services through extremely customer centric strategic
planning, data driven analysis, diligent campaign execution, and highly efficient project management.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Marketing Director / Vice President April 2017 - Present
Advanced Pension Programs, Inc.
 Developed, implemented, and managed all “inbound” and “outbound” strategic marketing efforts for
Advanced Pension Programs, Inc. – resulting in $9.4M of whole life insurance policies sold ($4.6M
premiums), $6.2M of indexed annuities sold to date. Additional $4.3M of sales pending to date.
 Developed all marketing materials (print and online) and lead generation programs (inbound and
outbound) for TaxDeferredBenefits.com, and PensionPrograms.com
 Developed, implemented, and managed communication strategy for all ‘outbound’ channels – including
the first company e-newsletter, social media channels, blogs, and telemarketing scripts
 Helped design & administer 220 “qualified” and “non-qualified” defined contribution (401K) and defined
benefit (pension) retirement plans for businesses to offer employees
Sales & Marketing Consultant January 2006 – July 2017
Independent Contractor
 Engineered, developed, and managed all strategic marketing efforts responsible for launching new
division of JackStone Signs, resulting in over $5 million of pending sales orders within 9 months.
Primary duty was carefully scripted cold calling – yielding 85% positive response rate. Secondary
responsibilities included content development for brochures, direct mail, and newly launched website.
Target audience was senior level executives.
 Engineered and implemented strategic outbound marketing plan for Better WorkPlace, resulting in
89% positive response rate and total “pipeline” of $485K in total pending sales orders in first 5 months.
Target audience was senior level executives at Fortune 1000 companies.
 Engineered, developed, and implemented a viral marketing campaign for 10:3:1 Writing Studio, LLC
which included a blog article that became a “trending topic” on social media - generating over 2,800
shares and 500 comments in a month. Campaign boosted traffic to the website by 512% in 2 months.
 Directed all strategic marketing efforts responsible for launching new mobile app for ProQual-IT.
Duties included deep consumer analysis, creative direction and content development (produced online
commercial, web design and content, product testing and development, search engine optimization,
app store optimization, social media setup + management. Target audience was both businesses
(health organizations, medical professionals) and consumers
 Developed and executed email marketing campaign for Yarie, LLC that produced 255 new clients out
of 1,508 inquiries generated (17% conversion). Results included 92% email open rate and 17%
response rate. Target audience was small business owners.
 Developed and executed targeted outbound marketing campaign for Site Launcher, LLC that
produced 322 qualified sales leads out of 845 targets, (38% conversion) using a combination
telemarketing and email marketing. Results included 215% ROI and 44 new clients to date. Target
audience was small business owners.
 Engineered, developed, and managed “organic” social media campaign for Anoush Catering & LA
Banquets that received 5,145 pageviews (an increase of 2,758%), 347 “likes” (an increase of
3,755%) and a 7% conversion rate in a 7 day period. Target audience was collegiate students. Duties
included managing 2 other team members.
Marketing Director February 2001 - November 2004
Optex Inc.
 Developed all marketing materials used in 3-month online lead generation campaign - generating 64%
response rate and 125% return on marketing investment. Duties included creative design, copywriting,
production, and media planning / buying and campaign tracking
 Developed print ad campaign that was awarded "most recognizable" in brand awareness study. Duties
included creative design / direction, copywriting, and media planning / buying.
 Developed marketing materials used for 2 record setting booth attractions at international and domestic
trade shows. Duties included creative design, copywriting, and production.
EDUCATION
San Diego State University May 2000
Bachelor of Business Administration (marketing concentration)
Nova Southeastern University June 2018
Master of Business Administration (marketing concentration)
REFERENCES
• “Courtney was able to quickly grasp the benefits of our service and proposed an idea that was
so sound we implemented it right away and made it a companywide initiative. [It] resulted in
numerous meetings and a book of pending sales in the first month” (Molloy Group)
• “As a result of Courtney’s efforts, within 4 months we were able to land our first customer. And
within 9 months, we had accumulated well over $5 million in pending sales orders.”
(JackStone Signs)
• “Courtney led the script development, direction and production of an impressive 4-minute
commercial – a key component to introduce our new concept to the world” (ProQual-IT)
• “We needed to improve the sales copy on various marketing materials – including email blasts,
video scripts, and website landing pages. What we got in return was much more than we
bargained for.” (LegallyConcealed)
[2023-02-18T07:24:00.500000, Sat] 3.User: Web search results:

[1] "The Latest. Our solar system consists of our star, the Sun, and everything bound to it by gravity - the planets Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune; dwarf planets such as Pluto; dozens of moons; and millions of asteroids, comets, and meteoroids. Beyond our own solar system, we have discovered thousands of ..."
URL: https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/solar-system/our-solar-system/overview/

[2] "History of astronomy. Astronomy was the first natural science to reach a high level of sophistication and predictive ability, which it achieved already in the second half of the 1st millennium bce. The early quantitative success of astronomy, compared with other natural sciences such as physics, chemistry, biology, and meteorology (which were ..."
URL: https://www.britannica.com/science/astronomy/History-of-astronomy

[3] "Our solar systems small bodies - asteroids, comets, and meteors - pack big surprises. These chunks of rock, ice, and metal are leftovers from the formation of our solar system 4.6 billion years ago. They are a lot like a fossil record of our early solar system. There are currently. known comets. Explore the 3D world of asteroids, comets ..."
URL: https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/asteroids-comets-and-meteors/overview/
Current date: 27/2/2023

Instructions: Using the provided web search results, write a comprehensive reply to the given query. Make sure to cite results using [[number](URL)] notation after the reference. If the provided search results refer to multiple subjects with the same name, write separate answers for each subject.
Query: \*\*Puedes reescribirme el siguiente texto: "Astronomy is the science which treats of the heavenly bodies. As such bodies we reckon the sun and moon, the planets (of which the earth is one) and their satellites, comets and meteors, and finally the stars and nebulae. We have to consider in Astronomy: (a) The motions of these bodies, both real and apparent, and the laws which govern these motions. (b) Their forms, dimensions, and masses. () Their nature and constitution. (d) The effects they produce upon each other by their attractions, radiations, or by any other ascertainable influence. It was an early, and has been a most persistent, belief that the heavenly bodies have a powerful influence upon human affairs, so that from a knowledge of their positions and \aspects at critical moments (as for instance at the time of a person's birth) one could draw up a \horoscope" which would indicate the probable future. The pseudo-science which was founded on this belief was named Astrology, the elder sister of Alchemy and for centuries Astronomy was its hand maid; ie., astronomical observations and calculations were made mainly in order to supply astrolaogical data. 2. Astronomy i divided into many branches, some of which, as ordinarily recognized, are the following: a. Descriptive Astronomy- This, as its name implies, is merely an orderly statement of astronomical facts and principles. b. Practical Astronomy - This is quite as much an art as a science, and treats of the instruments, the methods of observation, and the processes of calculation by which astronomical facts are ascertained. c. Theoretical Astronomy, whidh treats of the calculations of orbits and ephemerides, includin-sma aitnatn ioa eallad perturbations." d. Mechanical Astronomy, which is simply the app Regenerate response inciples to explain astronomical\*\* 

facts (chiefly the planetary and lunar motions). It is sometimes called Gravitational
Astronomy, because, with few exceptions, gravitation is the only force sensibly concerned in
the motions of the heavenly bodies. Until within thirty years this branch of the science was
generally designated as Physical Astronomy, but the term is now objectionable because of
late it has been used by many writers to denote a very different and comparatively new
branch of the science. e. Astronomical Physics, or Astro-physics -This treats of the physical
characteristics of the heavenly bodies, their brightness and spectroscopic peculiarities, their
temperature and radiation, the nature and condition of their atmospheres and surfaces, and
all phenomena which indicate or depend on their physical condition. f. Spherical Astronomy
-This, discarding all consideration of absolute dimensions and distances, treats the heavenly
bodies simply as objects moving on the \surface of the celestial sphere": it has to do only
with angles and directions, and, strictly regarded, is in fact merely Spherical Trigonometry
applied to Astronomy. 3. The above-named branches are not distinct and separate, but they
overlap in all directions. Spherical Astronomy, for instance, finds the demonstration of many
of its formula in Gravitational Astronomy, and their application appears in Theoretical and
Practical Astronomy. But valuable v-ado .daa lu m-d- -t alen different titles indicated above,
and it is important for the student 1GRegenerate response may expect to find discussed in each; for this reason it has seemed worthwhile to name and define the several branches,
although they do not distribute the science between them in any strictly logical and
mutually exclusive manner. In the present text-book little regard will be paid to these
subdivisions, since the object of the work is not to present a complete and profound
discussion of the subject such as would be demanded by a professional astronomer, but
only to give so much knowledge of the facts and such an understanding of the principles of
the science as may fairly be considered essential to a liberal education."
para que se adapte a un nivel B1 de inglés
Reply in Español
[2023-02-18T14:51:00.500000, Sat] 4.User: I'm trying to log in to my online banking account, but I'm having trouble with the two-factor authentication code. Can you walk me through the process again? By the way, I set up two-factor authentication for all my online accounts, including social media, email, and banking, on April 5th, so I'm not sure what's going on.
[2023-02-18T14:51:01, Sat] 5.User: I've double-checked everything, but I'm still not receiving the 2FA code. I'm using the same phone number and email address I had when I set up 2FA, and I've tried both SMS and authenticator app methods. Can you think of anything else that might be causing the issue?
[2023-02-18T14:51:01.500000, Sat] 6.User: I've checked all those potential causes, but I'm still not receiving the 2FA code. I'm starting to get frustrated. Can you tell me if there's a way to bypass 2FA temporarily, or reset it, so I can access my account? I really need to check my account balance and pay some bills today.
[2023-02-18T14:51:02, Sat] 7.User: Can I ask the customer support to send me a temporary access code or a one-time password to access my account, so I can pay my bills today?
[2023-02-18T14:51:02.500000, Sat] 8.User: Can I ask the customer support to walk me through the process of generating a new set of 2FA codes, in case my phone or authenticator app is the issue?
[2023-02-18T14:51:03, Sat] 9.User: Can the customer support representative also help me to check if there are any issues with my account that might be preventing me from receiving the 2FA codes, such as any restrictions or flags on my account?
[2023-02-18T22:41:00.500000, Sat] 10.User: 5. Accounting & Financial Management
[2023-02-18T22:41:01, Sat] 11.User: 5. Accounting & Financial Management
[2023-02-18T22:41:01.500000, Sat] 12.User: {6}
[2023-02-18T22:41:02, Sat] 13.User: please explain each Domain specification in markdown table
[2023-02-18T22:41:02.500000, Sat] 14.User: i want only each domain introduction in markdown table, please complete each domain introduction
[2023-02-18T17:23:00.500000, Sat] 15.User: I'm looking for some podcast recommendations. I've been getting into podcasts lately, and I think I've listened to around 5 episodes of the 'Stuff You Should Know' podcast so far, which I really enjoy. Can you suggest some similar podcasts that I might like?