[2023-07-21T22:04:03.500000, Fri] 1.User: It's great to hear that Cottbus is taking steps to attract new businesses and retain young talent. I hope they continue to focus on investment and innovation to build a stronger economy.
[2023-07-21T22:06:00.500000, Fri] 2.User: How is machine learning setup?Share Prompt
[2023-07-21T22:06:01, Fri] 3.User: How is each step done?Share Prompt
[2023-07-21T22:06:01.500000, Fri] 4.User: The machine learning aspect is done from UI or cli?Share Prompt
[2023-07-21T22:06:02, Fri] 5.User: Can it send SMS or just emails? What type of Alerts and Notifications can it do?Share Prompt
[2023-07-21T22:06:02.500000, Fri] 6.User: How would it send email and work with web hooks?Share Prompt
[2023-07-21T22:20:00.500000, Fri] 7.User: I'm thinking of upgrading my car's wheels and was wondering if you could recommend some good brands for high-performance wheels that can handle drifting.
[2023-07-21T22:20:01, Fri] 8.User: That's a great list, thanks. I've heard good things about Enkei wheels from my friend Alex, who I met at the community college parking lot when we were both practicing for the Turbocharged Weekend event.
[2023-07-21T22:20:01.500000, Fri] 9.User: My car's a 2015 Nissan GT-R, which I've been modifying for drifting. I've already done some upgrades, like replacing the brake pads and getting a new set of coilovers. I'm thinking of upgrading the wheels next, which is why I asked about the recommendations.
[2023-07-21T22:20:02, Fri] 10.User: I've had a few chances to take my GT-R out for some drift runs, and it's been a blast. Three weekends ago, I actually participated in the Turbocharged Weekend event at Sonoma Raceway, where I got to do some amateur drifting. It was my first time on a proper track, and I was pretty nervous, but I managed to complete three laps without any major mistakes. My car performed really well, despite the worn-out rear tires, and I'm glad I had replaced the brake pads just a week prior to the event.
[2023-07-21T22:20:02.500000, Fri] 11.User: I'm planning to participate in more drifting events and track days to improve my skills and get more comfortable with my car's performance. I've been watching some online tutorials and reading up on drift-related articles to learn more about car control and technique.

The most challenging part of the track for me was probably the second turn, which had a pretty tight apex and a lot of elevation change. I spun out on that turn during my second lap, but I managed to recover and continue without any major issues. I think it was just a matter of getting used to the track's layout and finding the right pace.

I've also been thinking about upgrading my car's aero kit to improve its downforce and stability during high-speed turns. Do you know anything about aero kits and what kind of benefits they can provide for drifting?
[2023-07-21T22:20:03, Fri] 12.User: My current aero kit is pretty basic, just a front lip and side skirts. I'm looking to upgrade to a more comprehensive kit that includes a rear diffuser, rear wing, and possibly a vented hood to improve airflow and downforce. I've been eyeing the APR Performance kit, but I'm also considering some other options.

I've heard that a good aero kit can make a big difference in terms of high-speed stability and cornering ability. Do you think it's worth investing in a high-end kit, or would a more budget-friendly option be sufficient for my level of drifting?
[2023-07-21T22:46:00.500000, Fri] 13.User: Mathematics within Christian philosophy
The fall of the Roman empire implied that Greek manuscripts became buried in the libraries of
small monasteries. The number of people being able to read Greek diminished. The pax romana
had secured a wide spread of Greek philosophy, and of Greek philosophical manuscripts, and
although it had reached only a tiny part of the population, it was kept alive, in a way. Where geometria
and arithmetica, even if mostly viewed practical or mystical, had been a part of Roman
culture, the early Christians distanced themselves from the pagan Greek philosophers. The ideas
behind the Greek world order were not consistent with the notion of an omnipotent God. The
new Christian ideas proved to be much more supportive for mathematical practices, since the
Christian God was a deity who favoured rules and laws, instead of the irrational and quarrelling
gods of the antique civilisations. The divine rules and laws reflected favourable upon the ideas
within geometria or arithmetica, and although there was no systematic use of mathematical
knowledge within theology, there were several of the old Christian thinkers who tried to connect
the two fields. We will have a closer look at two of them.
One of the reasons for the popularity of Saint Augustine (354 - 430) was the fact that he was autodidact.
It was exactly the fact that he was not versed in the Greek philosophers, which made
him the ideal icon to the young religion. Later generations would consider him one of the church
fathers, although he had been quite profane in his youth (“do grant me chastity, oh Lord, but just
not yet now!”), but he did become very pious.
Augustine himself didn’t write about either geometria nor arithmetica, but as little as he knew
the subjects, he was impressed by the possibilities these subjects seemed to offer. In his De Libero
Arbitrio (“On free choice of the will”), written between 387 and 395, he compared knowledge
of arithmetica to divine revelation. As an example he took the observation that every number is
as far from “the origin” (meaning zero) as its double is from the original number:
Mathematical worlds 34
Illustration I.7: a fries with educational situation from Roman days, found in the vicinity of Trier.
Through all the other numbers you will find what you found in the first two numbers, that is, in one and two:
whatever the number may be, counting from the beginning, this same number being added to it the number you
reach is its double. How, then, do we recognise that this fact, which we recognise throughout all numbers, is
unchangeable, sure, and certain? No one is aware of all numbers with any bodily sense, for they are innumerable.
How, then, do we know that this holds good throughout them all? By what idea or image do we see so sure
a truth so confidently throughout innumerable instances, unless we do it by an inner light, unknown to the bodily
sense? By these and other such proofs those to whom God has given the gift of reasoning and who are not
darkened by obstinacy, must admit that the law and truth of number do not concern the bodily sense, that they
are unalterably sure, and are perceived in common by all who reason.
Although Augustine didn’t say so explicitly, later Christian thinkers would interpret his words as
sanctifying this form of knowledge. This was even strengthened by the fact that number and use
of numerology was exuberant in the Old Testament books — as noted in the early paragraphs of
this chapter. God would have revealed arithmetica to Abraham. Until well into the 11th century,
one may find Christian thinkers who believed that God must have been well versed in geometria,
since Creation was so obviously harmonious, with perfect spheres, moving in perfect circular
obits.
As a Christian thinker Boethius (480-524/525) was in many ways perpendicular to Augustine.
First he had been raised in a wealthy and politically influential family, so he knew the Greek philosophers
well. As a consul, he was a public figure whose influence was beyond doubt. His translations
of books by Aristotle and Plato were well-known. Second, apart from his love for numerological
interpretation, his ideas about arithmetica went far beyond what Augustine had favoured.
Building on the praise by his “predecessor”, he consciously opted for Pythagorean number theory
— or what was considered to be part of that — instead of the knowledge of geometria. Most
noteworthy, his De institutio arithmetica would be illustrative for medieval knowledge of the
arithmetica, and focused on numerological interpretations and served as an introduction to the
theory of musica. Third and last, he gave a very practical and typical Christian use for arithmetica,
by offering the rules for computus.
The computus was considered an important element in the calculation of time. To the presentday
reader it is the most recognisable part of the medieval art of trying to establish a Biblical calendar,
notably used, for example in attempts to establish the day of Creation. The rules for computus
were used to calculate the day of Easter, which during the council of Nicea (325) was
agreed to be on the first Sunday after the first full moon in spring. Boethius offered the rules that
helped to calculate the date, which made his book valuable to the Christian world. The knowledge
of arithmetica and astronomia needed to understand the calculation must have been in
the head of Boethius, but is not to be found in the manuscripts of De institutio, which offers a
practical calculation guide.
Without emergence of a mathematical practice, the high esteem in which numbers were held by
Byzantine scholars, is also reflected in the Pandectae (a Latin adaption of πανδέκτης — which
would translate to “covering everything”), a codification of Roman law. The Pandects for example
Mathematical worlds 35
contained a couple of verdicts on inheritance that used numbers. One of the most curious, is
about a man who on his deathbed decided that his pregnant wife and child would have to split
the inheritance, where the wife would have a third of the money in case of a son, and two thirds
if a girl would be born — the rest automatically being bequeathed to the child. After the death
of the man, the widow gave birth to twins of different sex. Although to present-day ideas the
problem is not decidable, a verdict using ratios was nevertheless tempting and indeed put forward
as the fair solution to this problem.
During the Carolingian renaissance, around 800 AD, a new codification of the corpus of Christian
knowledge was called for. From that moment onwards, the new type of aristocracy that had risen,
based on the possession of land, horses and the ability to fight, was supposed to educate its
children in the so-called Artes liberales: the arts that had to be mastered by any free man. These
arts were subdivided into the trivium and quadrivium. The trivium (the later trivial matters!) consisted
of grammar, rhetorics and dialectics. The quadrivium were the arithmetica, musica, geometria
and astronomia. Although knowledge of these subjects was all very much depending on the
Mathematical worlds 36
Illustration I.8: Page 4 verso of a tenth century Boethius manuscript from Lund university library. One may recognise
in the top right corner the powers of three, expressed in Roman numerals: I – III – VIIII – XXVII – LXXXI – CCXLIII. From
a Christian perspective powers of three were appealing in a numerological way.